As with any other internet software, such as your web-browser or email client,
compliance with local laws and regulations is YOUR RESPONSIBILITY.  You, and
only you, are responsible for your actions.

This software is provided on an as-is basis, without any warranties or
guarantees that it is free from defects, fit for a particular purpose, or
non-infringing.  The use of this software or any of the files downloaded using
this software is at the sole risk of the end-user.

You acknowledge that Fopnu is ONLY a piece of software, much like a web-browser
or email client, and that the creator of this software is not providing any
kind of service.  Any servers or content you access using this software are
provided by other internet users that the creator of this software has NO
control over or knowledge of.  This software is fully decentralized and the
creator does NOT provide any file indexing or location services for this
software.

You acknowledge that this software is provided for personal use only, and you
have no rights in regard to any intellectual property on or within this
software.  This software is the exclusive property of Tixati Software Inc.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this
license to be unenforceable, that provision of the license shall be enforced to
the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and
the remainder of this license shall continue in full force and effect.

Fopnu, the Fopnu logo, and all trademarks, service marks and trade names of
Fopnu appearing in the Fopnu software or the Fopnu.com web site are owned by
Tixati Software Inc.  Fopnu trademarks, logos, service marks, and trade names
may not be used in connection with any other product or service, or in any
other manner that is likely to cause confusion.
